##### Overview

Like a scene in a play, an Affinity Engine `scene` takes a script as its input and outputs a moment of drama. These scenes might be purely textual, or they might have characters, backdrops, and sound effects. They might be linear, or they might branch based on user input or pure chance. Like a script, they aim to be human-readable and easy to write, and they're composed principally of `directions`, such as `text`, `sound`, or `character`.

##### Generating

```bash
ember g affinity-engine-stage-scene my-scene-name
```

##### Usage

You'll find your scenes located in your `app/affinity-engine/stage/scenes` folder. A new scene might look like this:

```js
import { Scene } from 'affinity-engine-stage';
import { task } from 'ember-concurrency';

export default Scene.extend({
  start: task(function * (script, data, state) {
  })
});
```

###### `start(script, data, state)`

The `start` function receives three params:

* `script`: An object contains constructors for all of the directions registered to your engine. See below for an example.

* `data`: An object containing long-term data for your engine. You can learn more about it [here](#/api/stage/scenes/data).

* `state`: An object containing additional state.

  * `window`: This param is passed in if the scene is happening in a window, rather than the main stage. (You can learn more about windows [here](#/api/stage/directions/scene?anchor=window).) The `window` param gives you control over the window, such as closing or repositioning it.

```js
start: task(function * (script) {
  yield script.character('ember').fadeIn();
  yield script.text('Hello world!');
  yield script.pause(1000);
  yield script.menu(['Do something!', 'Do something else!']);
})
```

###### `name`

You can specify a name for you scene like so:

```js
. . . .

export default Scene.extend({
  name: 'A Bloody Valentine',

  start: task(function * (script) {
    . . . .
  })
});
```

If you do not specify a name, then the scene will instead name itself based on its file name. For instance, `app/affinity-engine/stage/scenes/lovely-gardens` would become 'Lovely Gardens'.

This name is available to other components, which will typically use it to help orient the player. For instance, the `affinity-engine-menu-bar-load-button` displays the scene name to help players choose which save state they want to load.
