##### Overview

Directions are our main way of communicating with the stage. For instance, if we want to put a character on the stage, we might use the `character` direction:

```js
start: task(function * (script) {
  script.character('diy');
})
```

##### Command

We can chain commands onto all directions, changing the way they behave. For instance, if we want our character to fade into the middle of the screen, we might:

```js
start: task(function * (script) {
  script.character('diy').fadeIn();
})
```

Every direction has its own set of commands, so be sure to consult the API for the specific direction you're using.

##### Attributes

Many directions have attributes that change the way they appear and behave. For instance, the `text` direction has a attribute called `name`, which (if provided) will display a name beside the text box. Meanwhile, the `character` direction has a attribute called `height` that lets you specify how much of the screen's height the character should fill. We can configure these attributes by passing in a POJO as the _last_ argument for the direction. For instance:

```js
script.text('Hello world', { caption: 'Brian Kernighan' });
script.character('diy', { height: 89});
```

Alternatively, we can change attributes using the [`configure` command](http://localhost:4200/#/api/stage/directions?anchor=configure(hash_or_key%2C_value)). This is useful if the direction is already instantiated:

```js
const diy = yield script.character('diy').fadeIn();
diy.configure('height', 89);
```

Check out each direction's page for a full list of configurable attributes.

##### `PromisedDirection`

Most directions return a `PromisedDirection` instance. These are instances of the direction with the functionality of a `Promise` bolted on. This allows us to both await their resolution:

```js
yield script.character('diy').fadeIn();
```

As well as to chain commands off them:

```js
const diy = yield script.character('diy').fadeIn();

. . . .

diy.fadeOut();
```

##### Layer

Directions that render on the screen each have a default layer, such as the `image` direction's `stage.image.foreground`. These layers can be individually animated using the [`layer` direction](#/api/stage/directions/layer). We can also configure which layer they appear in with the `layer` attribute.

##### Commands

The following commands are present on all directions:
