The `image` direction renders a composite image onto the screen. The image starts with an opacity of 0, so you'll have to fade it in if you want the user to see it. Once rendered, the image can be moved about the screen using `position` or `transition`.

An `image` is composed of either a single `keyframe` or a layered composite of several `keyframes`. If using a composite, you can change the image through its `state`, described in more detail below.

##### Layer

`stage.image.foreground`

##### Configuration Tiers

* component.stage.direction.image
* image
* component.stage.direction.all
* component.stage.all
* all

##### Installation

```bash
ember install affinity-engine-stage-direction-image
```

##### Default Configs

Find them on [GitHub](https://github.com/affinity-engine/affinity-engine-stage-direction-image/blob/master/addon/affinity-engine/configs/stage/image.js).

##### Usage

```js
export default Scene.extend({
  start: task(function * (script) {
    script.image('fixtureId');
  }
});
```

###### Arguments

* `fixtureId` (**String**): a [image fixture](#/api/engine/fixtures/images) id.

###### Return

Returns a [PromisedDirection](#/api/stage/directions#promised_direction) that resolves when the animation queue completes.

###### State

An `image` (as well as fixtures that descend from the `image` definition, such as `characters` and `backdrops`) can support multiple states. Imagine a locker image, which can be either open or closed. When closed, you might also see some graffiti on it, such as an anarchy sign or a heart. Rather than creating a unique image for all these different states and their combinations, you can rely on the Affinity Engine itself to create a composite image. This approach can significantly reduce the file size for your game, as well as its load time.

Read through the example fixture below. By default, it will appear as a closed locker, layering the 'locker-door-closed' keyframe over the 'locker-base' keyframe. If you changed the state to `{ lock: 'closed', tag: '<3' }`, then the Affinity Engine would layer the 'locker-tag-heart' keyframe over the others. If you then changed the state to `{ lock: 'opened', tag: '<3' }`, it would replace the 'locker-door-closed' keyframe with 'locker-door-opened'. It would also remove the 'locker-tag-heart' keyframe since it needs both `tag: '<3'` and `lock: 'closed'`, and now `lock: 'opened'`.

```js
{
  id: 'tree',
  keyframe: 'tree',
  height: 87
}, {
  id: 'locker',
  height: 72,
  layerOrder: [
    'base',
    'door',
    'graffiti'
  ],
  defaultState: { door: 'closed' },
  states: [{
    key: { door: 'closed' },
    layers: {
      door: 'locker-door-closed'
    }
  }, {
    key: { door: 'opened' },
    layers: {
      door: 'locker-door-opened'
    }
  }, {
    key: { door: 'closed', tag: 'A' },
    layers: {
      graffiti: 'locker-tag-anarchy-sign'
    }
  }, {
    key: { door: 'closed', tag: '<3' },
    layers: {
      graffiti: 'locker-tag-heart'
    }
  }]
}
```
